during any basic service or before a
nice long ride it's always a good idea
to replenish and recheck the air
suspension not only in the rear shocks
but in the front suspension on a touring
model if so available to do the rear
suspension I'm going to remove the
Schrader valve cap you'll notice the
rear Schrader valve for the rear shocks
and the front Schrader valve which would
control the front suspension are side by
side under the right rear saddlebag with
the low pressure high volume pump
installed onto the Schrader valve for
the rear suspension I'll pump it a few
times the specification for the shock is
0 to 10 pounds the front suspension can
take up to 15 pounds
this is strictly rider preference for
comfort once I have 10 pounds in the
back I like them a little stiff will
remove the pump from the Schrader valve
and we'll make sure we reinstall the
Schrader valve cap this keeps any road
debris out of this air mechanism another
thing I always like to check when I'm in
on this side with the saddlebag removed
is not only fastener tension just check
make sure the flat washers aren't loose
that'll tell you if a bolt is loose
automatically I also like to pull down
the lower protecting boot on the air
suspended shock you want to check this
piston for condition and any leaking
fluids if any of these conditions exist
you want to make sure you address them
they cause adverse handling conditions I
want to keep in mind that the same shock
assembly appears on the left side of
your motorcycle if when you reinstall
the air into the system it has a slow
leak always check your in lines and your
connections on the suspension at this
point I'd like to take a moment and just
review a little bit of a fuse box any
electrical system on the dresser models
I'll remove the side cover keeping in
mind that is a pain
in peace set it aside in a careful place
this is the fuse box on the touring
models underneath the cover you'll find
there's a small fuse panel and the pin
in the box is clearly marked for fuse
position spares can be found in the top
part of the cover these are also your
starter relays I just want to make one
other note normal electrical conditions
do not cause fuses to blow if you
replace a blown fuse and it blows or
pops again you have a further condition
that should be addressed
maybe component failure maybe just a
chafed wire that's why I try to make it
pertinent while you have any components
off whether it be the seat the fuel tank
always check your wiring harness for
routing and correct position